Add examples for Autologging (#1633)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/README.md

* `h2o` depicts how MLflow can be use to track various random forest architectures to train models 
for predicting wine quality.
* `hyperparam`  shows how to do hyperparameter tuning with MLflow and some popular optimization libraries.
* `keras` 

> modifies [a Keras classification example](https://github.com/keras-team/keras/blob/master/examples/reuters_mlp.py)

Reviewer: Maybe permalink to the specific commit? Fun fact you can press "y" while viewing a file on GitHub to get a permalink, e.g. https://github.com/keras-team/keras/blob/ed07472bc5fc985982db355135d37059a1f887a9/examples/reuters_mlp.py

> and uses MLflow's auto-logging feature to automatically log metrics and parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and uses MLflow's `mlflow.keras.autolog()` API to automatically log metrics and parameters
```

   Conda environment, define parameter types and defaults, entry point for training, etc.
* `sklearn_logisic_regression` is a simple MLflow example with hooks to log training data to MLflow
tracking server.
* `tensorflow` is an end-to-end one run example from train to predict. It includes a usage of MLflow's

> auto-logging feature, which captures TensorBoard data and logs to MLflow with no code change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mlflow.tensorflow.autolog()` feature, which captures TensorBoard data and logs to MLflow with no code change.
```
